# A part-of-speech dictionary that's used additionally to the binary dictionary (*.dict).
# This does not add words to the spell checker, see hunspell/spelling.txt for that.
# File Encoding: UTF-8
# Format: three tab-separated fields: fullform baseform postags
#from Freeling
Libé	Libé	Z m s
débunkage	débunkage	N m s
débunkages	débunkage	N m p
débunka	débunker	V ind psim 3 s
débunkai	débunker	V ind psim 1 s
débunkaient	débunker	V ind impa 3 p
débunkais	débunker	V ind impa 1 s
débunkais	débunker	V ind impa 2 s
débunkait	débunker	V ind impa 3 s
débunkant	débunker	V ppr
débunkas	débunker	V ind psim 2 s
débunkasse	débunker	V sub impa 1 s
débunkassent	débunker	V sub impa 3 p
débunkasses	débunker	V sub impa 2 s
débunkassiez	débunker	V sub impa 2 p
débunkassions	débunker	V sub impa 1 p
débunke	débunker	V imp pres 2 s
débunke	débunker	V ind pres 1 s
débunke	débunker	V ind pres 3 s
débunke	débunker	V sub pres 1 s
débunke	débunker	V sub pres 3 s
débunkent	débunker	V ind pres 3 p
débunkent	débunker	V sub pres 3 p
débunker	débunker	V inf
débunkera	débunker	V ind futu 3 s
débunkerai	débunker	V ind futu 1 s
débunkeraient	débunker	V con pres 3 p
débunkerais	débunker	V con pres 1 s
débunkerais	débunker	V con pres 2 s
débunkerait	débunker	V con pres 3 s
débunkeras	débunker	V ind futu 2 s
débunkerez	débunker	V ind futu 2 p
débunkeriez	débunker	V con pres 2 p
débunkerions	débunker	V con pres 1 p
débunkerons	débunker	V ind futu 1 p
débunkeront	débunker	V ind futu 3 p
débunkes	débunker	V ind pres 2 s
débunkes	débunker	V sub pres 2 s
débunkez	débunker	V imp pres 2 p
débunkez	débunker	V ind pres 2 p
débunkiez	débunker	V ind impa 2 p
débunkiez	débunker	V sub pres 2 p
débunkions	débunker	V ind impa 1 p
débunkions	débunker	V sub pres 1 p
débunkons	débunker	V imp pres 1 p
débunkons	débunker	V ind pres 1 p
débunkâmes	débunker	V ind psim 1 p
débunkât	débunker	V sub impa 3 s
débunkâtes	débunker	V ind psim 2 p
débunkè	débunker	V ind pres 1 s
débunkèrent	débunker	V ind psim 3 p
débunké	débunker	V ppa m s
débunkée	débunker	V ppa f s
débunkées	débunker	V ppa f p
débunkés	débunker	V ppa m p
#végane	végane	J e s
challengea	challenger	V ind psim 3 s
challengeai	challenger	V ind psim 1 s
challengeaient	challenger	V ind impa 3 p
challengeais	challenger	V ind impa 1 s
challengeais	challenger	V ind impa 2 s
challengeait	challenger	V ind impa 3 s
challengeant	challenger	V ppr
challengeas	challenger	V ind psim 2 s
challengeasse	challenger	V sub impa 1 s
challengeassent	challenger	V sub impa 3 p
challengeasses	challenger	V sub impa 2 s
challengeassiez	challenger	V sub impa 2 p
challengeassions	challenger	V sub impa 1 p
challenge	challenger	V imp pres 2 s
challenge	challenger	V ind pres 1 s
challenge	challenger	V ind pres 3 s
challenge	challenger	V sub pres 1 s
challenge	challenger	V sub pres 3 s
challengent	challenger	V ind pres 3 p
challengent	challenger	V sub pres 3 p
challenger	challenger	V inf
challengera	challenger	V ind futu 3 s
challengerai	challenger	V ind futu 1 s
challengeraient	challenger	V con pres 3 p
challengerais	challenger	V con pres 1 s
challengerais	challenger	V con pres 2 s
challengerait	challenger	V con pres 3 s
challengeras	challenger	V ind futu 2 s
challengerez	challenger	V ind futu 2 p
challengeriez	challenger	V con pres 2 p
challengerions	challenger	V con pres 1 p
challengerons	challenger	V ind futu 1 p
challengeront	challenger	V ind futu 3 p
challenges	challenger	V ind pres 2 s
challenges	challenger	V sub pres 2 s
challengez	challenger	V imp pres 2 p
challengez	challenger	V ind pres 2 p
challengiez	challenger	V ind impa 2 p
challengiez	challenger	V sub pres 2 p
challengions	challenger	V ind impa 1 p
challengions	challenger	V sub pres 1 p
challengons	challenger	V imp pres 1 p
challengons	challenger	V ind pres 1 p
challengeâmes	challenger	V ind psim 1 p
challengeât	challenger	V sub impa 3 s
challengeâtes	challenger	V ind psim 2 p
challengè	challenger	V ind pres 1 s
challengèrent	challenger	V ind psim 3 p
challengé	challenger	V ppa m s
challengée	challenger	V ppa f s
challengées	challenger	V ppa f p
challengés	challenger	V ppa m p
1ʳᵉ	1ᵉʳ	J f s