# The opposite of added.txt: these readings will be removed.
# Useful to remove incorrect readings from the binary dictionary without rebuilding it.
# File Encoding: UTF-8
# Format: fullform baseform postags (tab separated)
j	je	R pers suj 1 s
au	au	D m s
auquel	auquel	R inte m s
auquel	auquel	R rel m s
#avant	avant	N m s
#autre	autre	J e s
autre	autre	N e s
autre	autre	R
autres	autre	N e p
autrui	autrui	R e s
aux	aux	D e p
auxquelles	auquel	R inte f p
auxquelles	auquel	R rel f p
auxquels	auquel	R inte m p
auxquels	auquel	R rel m p
celle-ci	celle-ci	R dem f s
celle-là	celle-là	R dem f s
celles	celle	R dem f p
celles-ci	celles-ci	R dem f p
celles-là	celles-là	R dem f p
certaines	certain	R f p
certains	certain	R m p
ces	ces	D e p
cet	cet	D m s
cette	cette	D f s
ceux	ceux	R dem m p
ceux-ci	ceux-ci	R dem m p
ceux-là	ceux-là	R dem m p
cf	cf	A
chacune	chacune	R f s
ci-devant	ci-devant	A
#comme	comme	A
des	des	D e p
desquelles	desquelles	R inte f p
desquelles	desquelles	R rel f p
desquels	desquels	R inte m p
desquels	desquels	R rel m p
du	du	D m s
duquel	duquel	R inte m s
duquel	duquel	R rel m s
icelle	icelle	D f s
icelle	icelle	R dem f s
icelles	icelles	D f p
icelles	icelles	R dem f p
icelui	icelui	D m s
icelui	icelui	R dem m s
iceux	iceux	D m p
iceux	iceux	R dem m p
la	la	D f s
la	la	R pers obj 3 f s
les	les	D e p
lesdites	lesdites	D f p
lesdits	lesdits	D m p
lesquelles	lesquelles	R inte f p
lesquelles	lesquelles	R rel f p
lesquels	lequel	R inte m p
ma	ma	D f s
mes	mes	D e p
moi-même	moi-même	R pers obj 1 s
partant	partant	C
quiconque	quiconque	R
sa	sa	D f s
ses	ses	D e p
ta	ta	D f s
tes	tes	D e p
une	une	D f s
vos	vos	D e p
y	y	R pers obj
ça	ça	R dem m s
ès	ès	P
qu	que	C sub
puisqu	puisque	C sub
l	le	D e s
l	l’	D e s
l	l’	R pers obj 3 e s
c	ce	R dem m s
c	ce	D m s
c	ce	R dem e sp
attoseconde	seconde	N f s
centiseconde	seconde	N f s
décaseconde	seconde	N f s
déciseconde	seconde	N f s
exaseconde	seconde	N f s
femtoseconde	seconde	N f s
gigaseconde	seconde	N f s
hectoseconde	seconde	N f s
kiloseconde	seconde	N f s
microseconde	seconde	N f s
milliseconde	seconde	N f s
mégaseconde	seconde	N f s
nanoseconde	seconde	N f s
petaseconde	seconde	N f s
picoseconde	seconde	N f s
pétaseconde	seconde	N f s
téraseconde	seconde	N f s
yoctoseconde	seconde	N f s
yottaseconde	seconde	N f s
zeptoseconde	seconde	N f s
zettaseconde	seconde	N f s
attosecondes	seconde	N f p
centisecondes	seconde	N f p
décasecondes	seconde	N f p
décisecondes	seconde	N f p
exasecondes	seconde	N f p
femtosecondes	seconde	N f p
gigasecondes	seconde	N f p
hectosecondes	seconde	N f p
kilosecondes	seconde	N f p
microsecondes	seconde	N f p
millisecondes	seconde	N f p
mégasecondes	seconde	N f p
nanosecondes	seconde	N f p
petasecondes	seconde	N f p
picosecondes	seconde	N f p
pétasecondes	seconde	N f p
térasecondes	seconde	N f p
yoctosecondes	seconde	N f p
yottasecondes	seconde	N f p
zeptosecondes	seconde	N f p
zettasecondes	seconde	N f p
attomètre	mètre	N m s
centimètre	mètre	N m s
décamètre	mètre	N m s
décimètre	mètre	N m s
examètre	mètre	N m s
femtomètre	mètre	N m s
gigamètre	mètre	N m s
hectomètre	mètre	N m s
kilomètre	mètre	N m s
micromètre	mètre	N m s
millimètre	mètre	N m s
mégamètre	mètre	N m s
nanomètre	mètre	N m s
petamètre	mètre	N m s
picomètre	mètre	N m s
pétamètre	mètre	N m s
téramètre	mètre	N m s
yoctomètre	mètre	N m s
yottamètre	mètre	N m s
zeptomètre	mètre	N m s
zettamètre	mètre	N m s
attomètres	mètre	N m p
centimètres	mètre	N m p
décamètres	mètre	N m p
décimètres	mètre	N m p
examètres	mètre	N m p
femtomètres	mètre	N m p
gigamètres	mètre	N m p
hectomètres	mètre	N m p
kilomètres	mètre	N m p
micromètres	mètre	N m p
millimètres	mètre	N m p
mégamètres	mètre	N m p
nanomètres	mètre	N m p
petamètres	mètre	N m p
picomètres	mètre	N m p
pétamètres	mètre	N m p
téramètres	mètre	N m p
yoctomètres	mètre	N m p
yottamètres	mètre	N m p
zeptomètres	mètre	N m p
zettamètres	mètre	N m p
attogramme	gramme	N m s
centigramme	gramme	N m s
décagramme	gramme	N m s
décigramme	gramme	N m s
exagramme	gramme	N m s
femtogramme	gramme	N m s
gigagramme	gramme	N m s
hectogramme	gramme	N m s
kilogramme	gramme	N m s
microgramme	gramme	N m s
milligramme	gramme	N m s
mégagramme	gramme	N m s
nanogramme	gramme	N m s
petagramme	gramme	N m s
picogramme	gramme	N m s
pétagramme	gramme	N m s
téragramme	gramme	N m s
yoctogramme	gramme	N m s
yottagramme	gramme	N m s
zeptogramme	gramme	N m s
zettagramme	gramme	N m s
attogrammes	gramme	N m p
centigrammes	gramme	N m p
décagrammes	gramme	N m p
décigrammes	gramme	N m p
exagrammes	gramme	N m p
femtogrammes	gramme	N m p
gigagrammes	gramme	N m p
hectogrammes	gramme	N m p
kilogrammes	gramme	N m p
microgrammes	gramme	N m p
milligrammes	gramme	N m p
mégagrammes	gramme	N m p
nanogrammes	gramme	N m p
petagrammes	gramme	N m p
picogrammes	gramme	N m p
pétagrammes	gramme	N m p
téragrammes	gramme	N m p
yoctogrammes	gramme	N m p
yottagrammes	gramme	N m p
zeptogrammes	gramme	N m p
zettagrammes	gramme	N m p
attowatt	watt	N m s
centiwatt	watt	N m s
décawatt	watt	N m s
déciwatt	watt	N m s
exawatt	watt	N m s
femtowatt	watt	N m s
gigawatt	watt	N m s
hectowatt	watt	N m s
kilowatt	watt	N m s
microwatt	watt	N m s
milliwatt	watt	N m s
mégawatt	watt	N m s
nanowatt	watt	N m s
petawatt	watt	N m s
picowatt	watt	N m s
pétawatt	watt	N m s
térawatt	watt	N m s
yoctowatt	watt	N m s
yottawatt	watt	N m s
zeptowatt	watt	N m s
zettawatt	watt	N m s
attowatts	watt	N m p
centiwatts	watt	N m p
décawatts	watt	N m p
déciwatts	watt	N m p
exawatts	watt	N m p
femtowatts	watt	N m p
gigawatts	watt	N m p
hectowatts	watt	N m p
kilowatts	watt	N m p
microwatts	watt	N m p
milliwatts	watt	N m p
mégawatts	watt	N m p
nanowatts	watt	N m p
petawatts	watt	N m p
picowatts	watt	N m p
pétawatts	watt	N m p
térawatts	watt	N m p
yoctowatts	watt	N m p
yottawatts	watt	N m p
zeptowatts	watt	N m p
zettawatts	watt	N m p
attolitre	litre	N m s
centilitre	litre	N m s
décalitre	litre	N m s
décilitre	litre	N m s
exalitre	litre	N m s
femtolitre	litre	N m s
gigalitre	litre	N m s
hectolitre	litre	N m s
kilolitre	litre	N m s
microlitre	litre	N m s
millilitre	litre	N m s
mégalitre	litre	N m s
nanolitre	litre	N m s
petalitre	litre	N m s
picolitre	litre	N m s
pétalitre	litre	N m s
téralitre	litre	N m s
yoctolitre	litre	N m s
yottalitre	litre	N m s
zeptolitre	litre	N m s
zettalitre	litre	N m s
attolitres	litre	N m p
centilitres	litre	N m p
décalitres	litre	N m p
décilitres	litre	N m p
exalitres	litre	N m p
femtolitres	litre	N m p
gigalitres	litre	N m p
hectolitres	litre	N m p
kilolitres	litre	N m p
microlitres	litre	N m p
millilitres	litre	N m p
mégalitres	litre	N m p
nanolitres	litre	N m p
petalitres	litre	N m p
picolitres	litre	N m p
pétalitres	litre	N m p
téralitres	litre	N m p
yoctolitres	litre	N m p
yottalitres	litre	N m p
zeptolitres	litre	N m p
zettalitres	litre	N m p
Guyana	Guyana	N m sp
Otan	Otan	N f sp
vingt-et-un	vingt-et-un	D e p
trente-et-un	trente-et-un	D e p
quatre-vingt-un	quatre-vingt-un	D e p
quarante-et-un	quarante-et-un	D e p
cinquante-et-un	cinquante-et-un	D e p
soixante-et-un	soixante-et-un	D e p
nonante-et-un	nonante-et-un	D e p
septante-et-un	septante-et-un	D e p
huitante-et-un	huitante-et-un	D e p
octante-et-un	octante-et-un	D e p
elle	elle	R pers obj 3 f s
elles	elle	R pers obj 3 f p
CSS	CSS	N f sp
MA	MA	N m sp
chauves-souris	chauves-souris	N f p
offshore	offshore	J e s
ultra	ultra	J e s
rétro	rétro	J e s
mai	mai	N m p
offrant	offrant	J m s
porno	porno	J e s
Base	Base	Z m sp
Galilée	Galilée	Z m sp
#un	un	N m s
#une	un	N f s
aux	au	P
aux	au	D e p
nos	nos	D e p
bretzel	bretzel	N m s
bretzels	bretzel	N m p
soul	soul	N f s
pluviôse	pluviôse	N m s
alter	alter	J m sp
porte-couteau	porte-couteau	N m sp
photos	photo	J e p
photo	photo	J e s
#pros	pro	J e p
#pro	pro	J e s
cd	cd	N f sp
URL	URL	N f sp
latina	latina	J f s
latinas	latina	J f p
latino	latino	J e s
latinos	latino	J e p
marché	marcher	V ppa e sp
casse-croûte	casse-croûte	N m sp
Île-de-France	Île-de-France	N f sp
France	France	N f sp
media	medium	N m p
n	ne	A
s	se	R pers obj 3 e sp
s	s’	C sub
l	le	R pers obj 3 e s
m	me	R pers obj 1 s
d	de	D e sp
d	de	P
t	te	R pers obj 2 s
fuissaient	fuir	V ind impa 3 p
fuissais	fuir	V ind impa 1 s
fuissais	fuir	V ind impa 2 s
fuissait	fuir	V ind impa 3 s
fuissant	fuir	V ppr
fuisse	fuir	V sub pres 1 s
fuisse	fuir	V sub pres 3 s
fuissent	fuir	V ind pres 3 p
fuisses	fuir	V sub pres 2 s
fuissez	fuir	V imp pres 2 p
fuissez	fuir	V ind pres 2 p
fuissiez	fuir	V ind impa 2 p
fuissiez	fuir	V sub pres 2 p
fuissions	fuir	V ind impa 1 p
fuissions	fuir	V sub pres 1 p
fuissons	fuir	V imp pres 1 p
fuissons	fuir	V ind pres 1 p
frustre	frustre	J e s
frustre	frustre	N e s
frustres	frustre	J e p
frustres	frustre	N e p
Aïd	Aïd	N f sp
